Add Spatie OpenSource packages extension (#685)
raycast/extensions: extensions/spatie-documentation/README.md

# Spatie Documentation

![Raycast Spatie Open Source Packages Documentation](./assets/raycast-spatie-documentation-extension.png)

> Easy access commands for Spatie open source packages documentations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Easy access commands for Spatie open source packages documentation
```

---

> ## Adding new spatie package (command)
> 
> 1. create folder containing links of the documentation pages something similar to `src/documentation/laravel-backup.json`
> 2. create `.tsx` file for the newly added package (command) as in `src/laravel-permission.tsx` which will be used to fetch data from file created in step 1
> 3. add the command and the package supported versions to package.json
> 4. run `npm run build` to validate your work
> 5. don't forget to add your raycast username to `contributors` in `package.json`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Adding a new Spatie package (command)

1. Create a folder containing the links of the documentation page, something similar to `src/documentation/laravel-backup.json`
2. Create a `.tsx` file for the newly added package (command) as in `src/laravel-permission.tsx` which will be used to fetch data from file created in step 1
3. Add the command and the package supported versions to package.json
4. Run `npm run build` to validate your work
5. Don't forget to add your Raycast username to `contributors` in `package.json`
```
Changed wording a bit
